Alright. I'll send someone over there.
You can let me go now
Wait, there's my golden tiger charm
What golden tiger talisman
I lost to Mr. S
It's not that I lost to you.
I was betting for Miss Zhou just now
So he wins.
Thank you big brother
trivial matter
Why does Zhou Tianhao's granddaughter want the Golden Tiger Talisman?
I must ask later
This tiger
It took me nine bulls and two tigers to find the talisman
It's for Mr. Lin
If I gave it to you
Mr. Lin will kill me
Lin Fan, right?
Hand over almost
I will spare you
If I give it to you
Really die
Jinchen, we are here to get the antidote today.
Got it now
Let's go back first
Is Miss Shen right?
Pay or not pay Jinhufu
Why do you care so much about Jinhufu?
Is he really related to Long Yinmei?